Google Sheets - Mappings 2.0 [DOC-978] (#7060)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-google-sheets/index.md

> info ""
> The Google Sheets destination only supports sending new or updated rows to your spreadsheet. Deleting rows is not supported.

## Actions v2

Segment's v2 Action, [Post Sheet v2](/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-hubspot-cloud/#custom-object-v2), supports **Sync modes**, which allow you to select a strategy for updating your data in Google Sheets.

### Sync modes

> Sync modes allow users to define how Segment should update the data in your destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sync modes allow users to define how Segment updates the data in your destination.
```
